[Music]
it might seem like the rich do nothing
but splurge their money on life's
luxuries and a lot of them do but truly
wealthy people know that a penny saved
is a penny earned so why not follow
their lead instead their tricks will put
you on the road to a bigger bank account
and they include number one dealing with
bills instantly
it's never fun parting with your
hard-earned cash when those bills come
piling in so we naturally try to put
them off for as long as we can but
instead of saving you money it actually
has the opposite effect simply because
unpaid bills don't allow us to manage
the rest of our money as effectively as
we should as a result you often spend
the last bit of your coin on your bills
and end up with almost nothing so kick
this bad financial habit and make it a
rule to pay all your fixed expenses on
the very first day through automated
systems this way you always have a clear
view of your financial situation number
two making shopping lists if you love
shopping you know how hard it can be to
stop yourself from buying something
especially if it's on sale and that's
when a shopping list can come in handy
the truth is it only seems like you're
saving money when you buy stuff on sale
in reality you subconsciously pick up
way more items than you need and end up
overspending if this sounds familiar to
you then plan your shopping list in
advance and schedule your big purchases
during sales to get a good bargain
number three have no spending days if
lists don't put an end to your impulsive
shopping it's time to try the ultimate
technique no spending days your task
here is very simple forbid yourself from
spending money on any unnecessary things
for one day try it a couple of times and
then raise the bar by not buying
anything special for a whole weekend
once you pass this test you can take on
the biggest challenge of all and stop
splurging on things for a whole week
this little exercise will train your
willpower and make it easier for you to
control yourself and save your money
number four paying with cash going
cashless seems really convenient but
this way of handling your finances isn't
that effective once you see just how
easy it is to swipe that little piece of
plastic that's why millionaires and
people with high income always prefer
cash over cards especially when it comes
to small purchases first of all when it
comes to credit cards it keeps you as
far away from debt as possible which is
always a plus especially when you
consider the fact that cash has no
interest not to mention you become much
more aware of your spending when you
have physical money in your hands and
you see the Sun getting smaller and
smaller you'll be shocked how quickly it
goes number five
saving change when you start paying with
cash you inevitably collect a lot of
loose change and even though everybody
hates it and wants to get rid of it as
soon as possible
you really shouldn't take that coin for
granted any loose change that you drop
in your bag and forget about can buy you
a great cup of coffee or a snack that
you normally pay for it with the rest of
your money
start keeping your change and you'll see
how quickly your daily expenses will
decrease number 6 repairing things
whenever something breaks our natural
instinct is to replace it with a new one
but most of the time it can be quickly
and easily repaired a lot of
millionaires agree with this too and
strongly believe in committing to a
purchase until its last breath they even
stick by this rule for gadgets and
devices while most of us are hankering
to get the latest model before the one
we have even stops working truly wealthy
people fix what's fixable plus why make
more trash when you don't need to has a
bonus you'll decrease your ecological
footprint number 7 spending money on
personal growth
who said that saving that has to be
miserable you can tackle this problem
from a completely different perspective
like splurging on things that make you
better
instead of buying yet another pair of
shoes Kimberly Palmer a personal finance
expert at nerd wallet recommends doing
just that and not being afraid to buy
yourself a good laptop reliable car or
any other thing that can open new doors
for you these types of purchases will
inspire you to improve in your work
field and therefore help you earn more
money in the long run
number eight investing in services that
save time while we're on the topic of
effectively splurging money according to
Business Insider the rich don't hesitate
to spend money on services that save
their time either the millionaire
mindset that can lead you to wealth is
simple time is money
period getting your groceries home
delivered using laundry services or
renting a relatively expensive space to
stay closer to work can save you tons of
time which translates to money in your
wallet you can use that extra time to
get better at your craft start new
interesting projects and brainstorm for
more innovative ideas your options are
limitless number nine putting money into
your hobbies one of the most important
things in life is to love what you do
and this ultimate truth basically rules
millionaires lives they buy stuff that
makes them happy and use this happiness
as a fuel for inspiration in their work
so don't stop yourself from buying a
guitar if you're passionate about
learning how to play it or spending
money on a good camera if you want to
get into photography these hobbies will
complete your life and give you more
energy for work just make sure that your
savings allow for it and go for number
10 splurging on new experiences most
millionaires have pretty colorful lives
and it's all thanks to their ability to
invest money not only in cool ideas but
also in new experiences every experience
whether it's good or bad teaches us an
important lesson and broaden
our horizons showing us our true
abilities and talents so don't be afraid
to step out of your comfort zone try
skydiving take a trip to an unfamiliar
country or start your own project you've
always wanted to bring to life these
experiences will make you stronger and
reveal your greatest strengths and
weaknesses that in turn will put you on
the path to financial success number
eleven
following the 24-hour rule the 24-hour
rule can help anyone whether you're a
millionaire or you barely get by
paycheck to paycheck let's say you're
out shopping and you see the coolest
decorative art ever of course you feel
the strong urge to buy it right here and
right now but instead of doing that you
go home and let 24 hours pass believe me
when you do it for the first time you'll
be amazed by how quickly this sudden
desire fades away this little trick
helps you understand whether you really
need this thing or if it's just one of
those impulsive purchases that you'll
forget about the next day and most of
the time it's the latter number 12 the
50 30 20 method of course you can't talk
about saving money without mentioning
the importance of budgeting do you think
that millionaires just allow themselves
to endlessly spend money on everything
they see of course not instead they use
a very simple 50 30 20 budgeting method
that helps them organize their expenses
so if you want to finally start saving
up some money here's how you should
divide your income 50% goes to all your
living essentials rent utilities
groceries and so on 30% is for personal
things like entertainment shopping
hobbies and other things that make you
happy and 20% must go straight to your
savings account this way you'll be able
to spend money on yourself but still
save enough of it to go on vacation or
invest in something later on sounds like
a plan to me do you have any money
saving tricks of your own share them
down in the comments remember to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to always
stay on the brights
side of life
[Music]